[Magic Firewall] Update the bucket name in the packet capture doc (#20104)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: src/content/docs/magic-firewall/packet-captures/collect-pcaps.mdx

		"packet_limit": 10000,
		"byte_limit": 100000000,
		"colo": "ORD",

> 		"destination_conf": "gs://<bucket-name>" //NOTE: Please ensure you create

Reviewer: ```suggestion
		"destination_conf": "gs://<bucket-name>" // Ensure you use a bucket that you created and registered in the Cloudflare dashboard
```

> 	//your own bucket, have it registered in Cloudflare dash and use that.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
